docs: clarify what 'this function' means in memory leak warning (#2021)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/docs/4.directory-structure/10.plugins.md

```

::alert{type="warning"}

> Don't use `Vue.use()`, `Vue.component()`, and globally, don't plug anything in Vue **inside** the `inject` function, dedicated to Nuxt injection. It will cause memory leak on server-side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't use `Vue.use()`, `Vue.component()`, and don't make changes to the Vue prototype or global Vue object **inside** the function exported by your plugin. (It would cause a memory leak on server-side.) See also [global mixins](#global-mixins).
```
